September 15 2005 the day before Mexican
Independence Day and tool to peck Mexico
the San pablito market is well known for
its pyrotechnic vendors there are over
300 stalls covering 43,000 square feet
all packed with fireworks for the
holiday
vendors go about their business revelers
make their purchases then suddenly a
plume of smoke and the crackling of
pyrotechnics triggers panic
a cache of fireworks has ignited setting
off a destructive chain reaction
vendors and customers flea is one stall
after another explodes
on site fire crews quickly respond but
there's little they can do to stop the
fast spreading disaster within seconds
the entire market is a blade back up
fire crews arrived
even bystanders chip in to help battle
the flames people story to save their
vehicles from being rained on by flaming
debris five hours after it begins
firefighters bring the inferno under
control
the catastrophe is spark literally when
a customer ignores warning signs and
sends a rocket into a stockpile of
fireworks over 100 people are injured
and 23 cars are destroyed along with all
300 stalls but amazingly no one is
killed
a year later a similar incident here
destroys hundreds of stalls and injures
one firefighter
you